FONTLOG for Fish Condescend


Information

Fish Condescend by G Wilson, Fontfish.
A simple modern Garamond indended for text,
designed to use only minimal font features.

This font currently only supports the basic
latin alphabet (approximately Latin-1).


Changelog

Version 001.000, January 2023
See the FONTLOG embedded in the FontForge
.sfd files for some creation and modification
timeline information.

Version 001.010, February 2023
Wordspaces narrowed slightly.
Output updated font files.

Version 001.011, February 2023
Small edits and fixes.
Output updated font files.

Version 001.020, February 2023
Added ct ligature.
Barely perceptible edit to “g”.

Version 001.030, May 2023
Wordspaces narrowed slightly more.
Tiny edits to lower-case “e” and upper-case “W”.
Changed style of “registered” symbol.
Added more combining accents.

Version 001.200, February 2024
Respaced numbers, “™” and “©”.
Edited “T”, “x”, “ª”.
Roman:
Edited “A”, “V”, “W”, “v”, “w”, “y”, “4”.
Notably changed “?”.
Italic:
Added breve.
Respaced “a”, “d”, “q”, “y”.


Acknowledgements

Design: G Wilson, FontFish (https://github.com/fontfish)

Software:
FontForge (https://fontforge.org/),
InkScape (https://inkscape.org/),
LibreOffice (https://www.libreoffice.org/).

Inspiration:
The types of Claude Garamont and Jean Jannon,
Various other historical typefaces,
A search for simplicity,
The complete lack of support for kerning and
OpenType features on some supposedly modern
locked-down devices (namely, some e-readers).


Notes and Edit Recommendations

This font is, for the needs of the creator,
functionally complete.

If you have any suggestions or simply require
the addition of a few accented glyphs,
contact me via GitHib or open an issue there
(https://github.com/fontfish/Condescend/issues).

If you require more significant modifications,
such as an entire alphabet or Unicode block,
it is recommended that you create a derivative work.
For linguistic purposes, you will likely understand
the accents and letters you require better than I do.

(I don't fully understand the Reserved Font Name field, but my suggestion for any derivatives of this font that retain the style and design of the core character set and are indended only to expand upon the existing features or character set, is to remove the "Fish" from the name and replace it with an appropriate identifying prefix.)
